1.Explain the purpose of the never type in TypeScript.

2.Type alias, type assertion, type intersection,

3.How to overload a function? Does TypeScript supports function overloading?
  Yes, TypeScript does support function overloading but the implementation is a bit different if we compare it to OO languages. We are creating just one function and a number of declarations so that TypeScript doesn't give compile errors. When this code is compiled to JavaScript, the concrete function alone will be visible. As a JavaScript function can be called by passing multiple arguments, it just works.
  
  
class Foo {
    myMethod(a: string);
    myMethod(a: number);
    myMethod(a: number, b: string);
    myMethod(a: any, b?: string) {
        alert(a.toString());
    }
}

5.How to easily make all properties of an interface optional?
6.What is a ‘.map’ file, and why/how can you use it?
 => The map file is a source map file that can be used when you want to debug. It can be generated by setting the sourceMap compiler option on true in the tsconfig.json .

7. Explain generics in TypeScript
8. Describe what are conditional types in TypeScript?
9. Does TypeScript support all object oriented principles?
 - The answer is YES. There are 4 main principles to Object Oriented Programming:

    Encapsulation,
    Inheritance,
    Abstraction, and
    Polymorphism.
    TypeScript can implement all four of them with its smaller and cleaner syntax.

10.What is the difference between unknown and any type?
    unknown is the type-safe counterpart of any
    Anything is assignable to unknown
    But unknown isn't assignable to anything but itself and any without a type assertion or a control flow based narrowing
    Likewise no operations are permitted on an unknown without first asserting or narrowing to a more specific type.

11.Explain when to use declare keyword in TypeScript
12. Is it possible to generate TypeScript declaration files from JS library?
https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/declaration-files/dts-from-js.html
13. utility types and example. https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/utility-types.html
14. Create a example class with typescript 

